Structuring Page Content

For this hw you’ll be planning and implementing a semantic structuring strategy for the entire site based on the work we completed in the lectures. In the steps below I’ll list the tasks you need to perform, as well as the relevant files for each task.

1.	Determine a structuring strategy.
             a.	Applies to: structure.htm
             b.	Open the structure.htm file and explore the page structure and ARIA roles. Write out the document outline, and how structural tags like aside, article, nav, and section are being used.
             c.	Examine how semantic tags like the header, footer, and main elements are used.
             d. review slide #7 of the lecture slides.Create a diagram of how the tags would look like in the HW website.Take a screenshot of the diagram and add it to the images folder.
             d. review slide #10 of the lecture slides. Use the website provided or other alternative options to produce a document outline. Take a screenshot of the outline and add it to the images folder.
2.	Structure pages
             a.	Applies to: all pages
             b.	Using the strategy devised from the structure.htm file, structure each of the remaining files so that the site uses a consistent, logical structure.

3.	Apply ARIA roles
             a.	Applies to: all pages
             b.	As you are structuring pages, add ARIA roles to elements when appropriate. 
					


(1b) OUTLINE: 
COMP 484
    Structuring Pages
    Untitled NAV
    Conveying meaning through structure
        Sectioning elements
        Document outlines
            W3C Warning
        WAI-ARIA Roles

(1b/1c) Use of Structural Tags:
- nav contains links used to navigate throughout the site
- main contains bulk of informative content 
- article tag surrounds all content in main to group them together (they are conceptually similar…if you remove the article and everything it contains, the overall meaning of what remains stays the same)
- we typically have the header to provide introductory information and context, and then various sections (where each section is like a (sub-)category)
- Each section has h3 to describe what is it about (like a title)
- aside is used to group together content that is indirectly related to content mentioned in the same section (similar to footnote information)
- The header is used to contain introduction information, like the information at the top of the page (title and navigation links / table of contents) and the paragraph describing what the ensuing categories would be about. 
- footer contains content/ending information like address. 
- main contains the body of the information (i.e. primary important content)
